alps-extended-images: use container entrypoint (#434)
eth-cscs/cscs-docs: docs/software/alps-extended-images.md

    3. Pertinent environment variables for optimal network performance are already set in the container image. `PMIX_MCA_psec = "native"` is recommended here in order to avoid warnings at initialization.
    4. The `CXI` hook **must** be disabled such that the container images network libraries have priority over the host system's libraries.

!!! danger

    - Set `entrypoint = true` in the EDF when using Alps Extended Images
    - Do **not** use the `aws_ofi_nccl` hook annotation  
    - Explicitly **disable** the `cxi` hook
    - Use the `--environment` flag for `srun` instead of `sbatch` (i.e. `srun --environment=my_edf.toml ...`)
    - Use the `--network=disable_rdzv_get` flag for `srun` to disable the rendezvous mechanism for network initialization (i.e. `srun --network=disable_rdzv_get ...` or setting `SLURM_NETWORK=disable_rdzv_get`)
    - Launch MPI applications with `PMIx` (i.e. `srun --mpi=pmix` or setting `SLURM_MPI_TYPE=pmix`)

> !!! note "Why `entrypoint = true` is recommended"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! question "Why is `entrypoint = true` recommended?"
```

    Alps Extended Images install runtime environment settings for the optimized networking stack inside the container image. These settings are initialized by the NVIDIA container entrypoint.

>     Current Enroot/Pyxis-based workflows may also initialize the environment through login-shell profile sourcing, but this is runtime-specific behavior and should not be relied on for portability. Setting `entrypoint = true` makes the EDF explicitly run the image entrypoint, which is the recommended and future-proof initialization path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Current Enroot/Pyxis-based workflows may also initialize the environment through login-shell profile sourcing, but this is runtime-specific behavior and should not be relied on for portability.
    The future-proof and recommended method is to set `entrypoint = true`, to ensure that the image `entrypoint` is always run.
```
